region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Нехай Щастить
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Wrong Tactics Folks
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Tauren Milfs
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Nomads TM
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=The Toxic Avengers
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Mayhem Soul
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Millennial Union
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Draenei Milfs
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=GBK
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=UA Cyborgs
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Ryan Gosling
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Order of the Trident
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=EtherealsUA
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=True Men Love
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Thorned Horde
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=NBU
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Potujnovodsk
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Pretty Girls Club
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=WHITEHOST
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=KBAC TAPAC
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=QuadHorders
region=eu&realm=Tarren Mill&name=Sich Happens Legion
region=eu&realm=Hellscream&name=Grim
region=eu&realm=Howling Fjord&name=Нехай Щастить
region=eu&realm=Howling Fjord&name=Бавовна
region=eu&realm=Howling Fjord&name=Фортеця
region=eu&realm=Howling Fjord&name=Чёрный заслон
region=eu&realm=Howling Fjord&name=Дякую за РТ
region=eu&realm=Howling Fjord&name=Багряна Вежа
region=eu&realm=Terokkar&name=Ukrainian Alliance
region=eu&realm=Terokkar&name=Arey
region=eu&realm=Terokkar&name=Knaipa Variativ
region=eu&realm=Terokkar&name=Komora
region=eu&realm=Terokkar&name=Khorugva
region=eu&realm=Terokkar&name=Glory to Heroes
region=eu&realm=Terokkar&name=Neutral Chaotic
region=eu&realm=Terokkar&name=Indomiti
region=eu&realm=Terokkar&name=Contra Spem Spero
region=eu&realm=Terokkar&name=Ukraina
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=Mythologeme
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=Alphalogeme
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=MRIYA
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=MOVA
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=BAPTA KOTIB
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=Synevyr
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=Ukraine
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=Bcecbit
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=Pray for Ukraine
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=SNÁFU
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=BBC team
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=iSHO
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=Dark Green
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=Wild Field
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=Legacy of the Kaldorei
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=NightRoutine
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=BURSHTYN
region=eu&realm=Silvermoon&name=Knights of Elune
region=eu&realm=Kazzak&name=Borsch Battalion
region=eu&realm=Kazzak&name=Hwg
region=eu&realm=Kazzak&name=UKRAINIAN GUILD
region=eu&realm=Kazzak&name=Chomu b ni
region=eu&realm=Ravencrest&name=Viysko NightElfiyske
region=eu&realm=Ravencrest&name=Ababagalamaga
region=eu&realm=Ravencrest&name=Tovarystvo Zolotyy Husak
region=eu&realm=Ravencrest&name=Unite for Ukraine
region=eu&realm=Ravencrest&name=CBITAHOK KPOBI
region=eu&realm=Twisting Nether&name=Morok
region=eu&realm=Twisting Nether&name=Glory to Ukraine
region=eu&realm=Twisting Nether&name=Enter Game Mode
region=eu&realm=Draenor&name=FavouriteWorstNightmare
region=eu&realm=Draenor&name=Ukrainian Cossacks
region=eu&realm=Draenor&name=Precedent UA
region=eu&realm=Gordunni&name=Героям слава
region=eu&realm=Gordunni&name=Гуляйполе
region=eu&realm=Gordunni&name=Квента
region=eu&realm=Gordunni&name=Эйситерия
region=eu&realm=Eversong&name=Харцизи
region=eu&realm=Eversong&name=Мы с Украины
region=eu&realm=Soulflayer&name=Поляна Квасова
region=us&realm=Illidan&name=MOTAHKA